[Inspirational music plays]
Support us and become VIP member
to remove all ads from www.OpenSubtitles.org
[Retro electronic music plays]
[Intriguing music plays]
WOMAN: London's criminal
underworld is controlled
by two of the worst gangsters
you could ever hope to avoid.
Mrs Vine may look like
the prim and proper sort.
but she rules her empire
with an iron fist.
Wake the boys up.
I'm all over it. ma'am.
And Frasier Mahoney.
well. he looks like what he is.
A right horrible bastard.
Mate. you say something like that
in my earshot
and I'll cut your fucking tongue out
and shove it up your arse.
WOMAN: To make matters worse.
there's a new lot causing havoc.
The Mushka street gang
are growing in numbers
and they don't fuck around.
Even the law won't go near
the Mushka estate
without serious backup.
-Please don't kill me.
-Fucking die. pig!
WOMAN: The police tried to enforce
the first curfew in the history of London.
but that didn't go down too well.
[People shout]
Tensions have reached boiling point
and East London's criminal underworld
is on the brink of an all-out war.
And I'm about to find myself
right in the middle of it.
[Playful action music plays]
Edward. all I need you to do is what?
Stay put. watch the car.
keep it running.
You can trust me. all right?
I promise.
No. I know.
-Three...
-Two...
[Watches beep in synch]
[Bell buzzes]
[On intercom]: This is Vine's Jewels.
[In Russian]: I have an appointment
to look at a diamond ring.
Do you speak English?
Fucking jackpot!
Ooh!
[In Russian]: Let me in
or I'll take my business elsewhere.
MAN: Expecting somebody?
Must be this Russian lady
that's got an appointment to buy a ring.
It's half an hour early. though.
She on her own?
Yeah.
[Bell buzzes]
Buzz her in.
WOMAN [On intercom]: You can come in.
[He grunts]
[Bell buzzes]
Open... the... door.
-[Bell buzzes]
-[In Russian]: Open the door please!
[Bell buzzes]
-For crying out loud!
-Can't she just push the door?
-Ready?
-Go.
[Under his breath]:
Pow. pow. pow!
Fucker.
Fucking hell!
Look at the size of this bad boy.
Ba. ba! Fuck. Shit. Fuck.
RECEPTIONIST: Just speak English
because I ain't got a clue.
[In Russian]: Hello.
[She yelps]
-Drop the fucking gun.
-Two seconds.
What?
Huh?
-Everybody down on the floor!
-I need backup... now!
-You can't park here. mate.
-Just give me a second. mate. yeah?
Get up. over there.
Get in the corner.
Get on your knees. Go. Look around.
You can't know who owns this place.
You wouldn't be here. You're insane!
Move it or I'll have it clamped.
I said just give me a fucking minute!
You all right. mate?
[Playful action music continues]
Open it.
Charges set.
[Safe beeps]
Keep your heads down
and nobody gets hurt.
Face the wall.
[Safe beeps]
Sorry. sweetheart.
[She grunts]
Naughty. naughty.
MAN: Wildcat!
[She grunts]
-You good?
-100 grand and a big bag of diamonds.
Thank you very much. Mrs Vine.
No one turn around
or they fucking get it.
[Explosions. alarm rings]
Fucking finally!
[American accent]: All those diamonds.
it's gonna work.
Roman. it has got to fucking work.
[Action music plays]
[Music fades]
[They moan]
[She sighs contentedly]
[He chuckles]
Oh my God. that is a talent.
You can just reload like that.
One after the other. It's amazing.
-Why. you want to go again?
-Can you go again?
Can I ask you something?
Have you been thinking about it at all?
[He scoffs]
You want to talk about
changing our lives now?
I bet you want a family.
-We are a family.
-I know we're a family. just...
If we are on two totally separate paths.
I do... I do need to know.
And how do you think your brother's
gonna handle an addition to the family?
Imagine how he'd be if we had a child.
Oh. don't make this about him.
You know. I've got...
A brother with a paranoid personality.
whatever they're calling it this week.
And I'm his big sister.
So I am responsible for him.
If I'd been braver. or...
Helped him earlier.
then maybe he wouldn't be so...
-How he fucking is!
-Listen to me.
How many times do I have to tell you.
this is not your fault.
You gotta find a way to...
let yourself off this fucking hook.
Roman. I've never lied to you
about who I am or what I want.
It is now or never.
Because I'm running out of road.
I don't know if I can bring a kid
into this world.
The job that we do is dangerous as shit.
What if I'm not around?
What if I can't be there to be a dad?
Well then we'll quit. we'll get out.
Ada. our work is who we are.
Ah. fuck that.
No. it's not. It's what we do.
Does that mean that
every time you're here with me.
that your mind's just somewhere else?
I love being with you.
It's beautiful. It's quiet.
We have fun. me and you.
So why can't we just have more fun?
More quiet?
Eventually. Ada. that quiet
is going to become so deafening.
it's going to make my ears bleed.
[Emotional music plays]
I... I don't know how to respond to that.
-Just...
-Go.
[Door closes]
[Sonic whoosh]
ADA: So friendly. What's his name?
-Poppy. She's a girl.
-Poppy. lovely.
-Roman?
-Are you kidding me?
-How long... It's been such a long time.
-Years! I can't believe it's you.
What are you even doing here?
I'm doing this private security job
with Curtis. actually.
And who might you be. angel?
This is Charlotte.
Charlotte. this is Mummy's friend. Roman.
We used to work together.
Roman. who you're always talking about?
Yeah. he does!
She says you look like a Power Ranger.
-Oh. did she?
-Yeah.
Lovely to meet you. Charlotte.
I see we've both picked up a new skill.
No wedding ring. I see.
Jumping right in there
with the big questions. then.
I'm just... wondering if anyone's
gonna mind if I ask you to dinner tonight.
I can't go out tonight. I'm sorry.
But...
If you fancy joining me and Charlotte
for chicken nuggets...
Chicken nuggets?
[Scoffs]
Uh... Chicken nuggets
are my favourite food.
-You're the Chicken Nugget Man.
-That's what they call me.
Well. you made a good choice there.
'Cause they're shaped like dinosaurs.
[Soft music plays in room]
-ROMAN: What an amazing kid.
-Looks smarter and tougher than her mum.
And what about dad?
He not around?
-Not letting that one go. are you?
-Just curious.
Let's just say
I'm a terrible judge of character.
Well. your terrible judge of character
bodes well for me.
Hey. hey. hey. at ease. soldier.
That's a bit fast for me.
Yes. ma'am.
-How long are you in town for. anyway?
-A couple more weeks.
Right. Yeah.
[Chuckles awkwardly]
Well. I... guess I should get going. then.
Yeah. yeah.
-Thank you for dinner.
-Of course.
And for letting me spend time
with Charlotte.
-Yeah.
-I really enjoyed it.
I'm glad.
Oh. Roman.
-Coat.
-[He chuckles]
[He sighs]
-It's good to see you.
-Yeah. you too.
[Sonic whoosh]
[Footsteps approach]
[She groans]
[They groan]
[She cries out. muffled]
MAN: Look at her.
Look at her!
[She cries]
Get her out of here.
[She yells]
[He mumbles. panicked]
[He yells]
MAN: Look at your baby brother. Ada.
Your little girl is coming with me. Ada.
Frasier Mahoney
is gifting you one day.
6 AM tomorrow.
Kailash's flower market cafe.
Bring half a million in cash.
If you're late...
You really don't want to be late.
[Thud]
[Pulsating rhythm]
[Pulsations fade into tense music]
[Ada sobs]
I'm so sorry.
-What the fuck?
-Ada. I fucked up.
-I fucked up.
-What have you done?
I fucked up. Ada. please.
you gotta believe me. I...
I had no idea that you and Charlotte
would get dragged into this.
-Why Charlotte?
-Because you're my sister.
I can't pay the money that I owe!
-Well. I haven't fucking got it either.
-Ada. they know.
They know what you are.
They know about
your special forces background.
And they figure that with you.
I've got half a chance
of getting the cash.
I didn't... I didn't know.
I didn't fucking know!
[He gasps and yelps]
[Tense music plays]
Ada. I'm glad you called.
I've been thinking about you.
-They've taken Charlotte.
-What?
Hold on.
What are you talking about? Who?
-Can you come?
-I'm on my way.
Bring guns. Roman.
Bring a fucking arsenal.
-Come here.
-[Sighs] Oh. God.
We're gonna take care of this. all right?
Whatever it is. we're gonna fix it.
Brought some backup.
Curtis!
I owe you. Ada.
I'm here to return the favour.
You've all heard about this war brewing
between Mahoney and Mrs Vine.
Two biggest gangsters in London
fighting for the number one spot.
Only needs a spark
and there'll be fireworks.
Exactly. so if we take down
Vine's jewellery store.
make it look like it was Mahoney...
They'll be busy fighting a war.
not looking for us.
Are we even sure
there's gonna be enough in the safe?
I have a guy on the inside
who's pretty convinced.
enough to give us this information
and risk his life.
Sorry. how the fuck are we gonna get
Mrs Vine to believe
Mahoney ripped her off?
Cia.
Information's her currency.
And she's the most trusted
source of it in London.
If we can convince Cia.
our plan's gonna work.
Cia fucking hates you!
All right. it's complicated.
After that. we see Finlay the Fence
and we flip the jewels into cash.
[Chuckles]: Huh.
Then we'll use the cash to pay Mahoney...
And get Charlotte back.
All by 6 AM. that's going to be tight.
Finlay's given us a time and a place.
Mushka Estates.
Are you crazy. man?
I'm not going there.
[Laughs]
You fucking idiot.
-You really think you're coming with us?
-ED: You're a fucking idiot...
-Curtis!
-Look at me. At me.
They've already got my baby.
I can't risk letting
anything happen to you.
They've only got Charlotte because of me.
I got you into this mess
and I'm gonna put my life on the line
to get you out.
I know you would.
[In Russian]: Privyet.
Everybody down on the floor!
...Minute!
[Explosions]
It's gonna work.
[Rap music plays]
[Music fades]
ROMAN: Finlay the Fence said
to call him from a landline phone
in the Mushka Estate.
There's a payphone around the corner.
Fucking hell. Mushka Estate.
Why the hell would
anybody want to meet here?
Finlay likes the location
because the cops hate it here.
Is he still only taking landline calls?
ROMAN: Has to be a landline.
Has to be in the next 20 minutes.
If we're late. the deal's off.
-What the fuck?
-Who the fuck is that?
Help! Help!
Edward. why is there
a parking geezer in the boot?
You fucking idiot.
What's the matter with you?
It's not a big fucking deal!
[They all shout and argue]
[Brakes squeal. horn hoots]
Hey. what the fuck are you saying. man?
Hey. you lot really fucked up
in the wrong ends. you get me?
-It's an accident. okay? Just calm down.
-A fucking Yank!
Rah. man.
Pussyhole's proper lost. innit. bruv?
What. you banged your head
in the crash. bitch? Stepping at me?
This really hurts.
You think man looks like a fucking doctor?
Nah. I think you look like a bitch
who lives with his mum.
And you might need a doctor.
What's happening. treacle?
Hey. yo. they got
some serious machine. bruv.
Back the fuck up.
Go on. the pair of ya.
Drop the knife. baby boy.
You ain't the only one
in this estate strapped. you know.
I'm the only one
in this conversation. innit?
CURTIS: I said. back the fuck up.
You too. sweetheart.
Come on then. big man.
Hey. yo. fuck this. Rico. man.
Let's cut. yeah?
[They chatter]
I'll be seeing you.
-[Ada kisses]
-CURTIS: Go on. Ta ta. Fuck off.
RICO: Hey. don't get comfortable. yeah?
[Music intensifies]
Come on we've got to get out of here.
They're gonna come back.
[He kicks the door]
You can fuck off and all.
We gotta get this parking geezer
out the boot.
Will you stop kicking the trunk. please?
You don't want to do that.
There's explosives in there.
[Loud explosion. glass smashes]
[Eerie music plays]
[Distorted voice]: What the fuck are
you doing. Ada? You need to wake up!
Wake up!
Ada! Ada!
[They pant]
Oh. God.
Edward? No. no. no.
You're bleeding. Are you hurt?
No. I'm... I'm fine.
Are you all right?
I'm fine. Fine...
-Is the traffic guy...
-No. he's not.
Look. we have to go right now.
Jesus Christ.
we've killed somebody innocent.
ED: Well. I'm sorry.
I didn't know what else to do.
ROMAN: We can't think about it now.
We need to focus on Charlotte.
CURTIS: So why the fuck
was that geezer in our boot?
-ED: He was a traffic warden.
-Yeah. I caught that.
-Why the fuck was he there. you twat?
-ADA: Please try and chill. Curtis.
-ED: Well. he wanted me to move the car.
-CURTIS: So you put him in our boot?
ED: What. you'd rather
I'd moved the fucking car?!
I'd rather you'd removed
the explosives we rigged
to torch the robbery car
rather than put a traffic...
-6 o'clock.
-CURTIS: What?
ADA [Exasperated]: Oh. Mushkas. It looks
like they're waiting for backup.
Can't open fire.
There'll be an army on us in no time.
-ED: Where is this pay phone?
-ROMAN: Just up here.
-It's all right. Ed. Stay calm.
-Yeah. I'm fucking trying to keep calm.
[Tense music plays]
Too late. Cover!
-ADA: Get him inside.
-CURTIS: Get up there. Ed. Move. move.
[Rapid gunfire]
[He groans]
Move!
[They grunt]
ADA: There has to be a way through
to the other side.
Then we can get a car.
[Shots fire]
-98.
Guys. they're moving in.
Curtis. take my brother.
Find a way out.
-Get a car. now.
-We need firepower here.
That's an order.
-Yes. ma'am.
-ROMAN: Almost out! Moving!
[Distant gunfire and shouting]
Let's go.
Moving!
[Siren blares in distance]
[Gunfire]
[They groan]
[Sirens approach]
That's the police.
Cops are fighting with the Mushkas.
Now's our time to move.
I'm on your heels. Go.
Over here on this wall.
Wait here. Do not fucking move.
[Gunshots]
[They grunt and groan]
[Mushka cries out in pain]
[Knife clatters]
[Shots fire]
[He pants]
[Hyperventilating]:
Oh. fuck. I can't feel my hands.
Just chill out.
I'm trying. I'm trying.
I'm trying. I'm trying. I'm trying.
Calm yourself down.
Deep breaths.
[People shout in the distance]
[Gunshots]
[Mushka yells]
[Skin sizzles]
[They yell and grunt]
[Music intensifies]
[They groan]
[She yelps]
[He yells]
[Music ebbs]
[Man groans]
[Music intensifies]
Oh. no. no. no. no.
Roman. Roman. Roman!
No. no. no.
-Where are you hurt?
-[He moans]
[He coughs]
-Only my feelings.
-Fucking hell!
You scared the shit out of me.
You've been waiting to do that.
haven't you?
I ain't got Roman's patience with you.
-I'm here...
-Because Ada saved your life.
And now she gave you a fucking order
and you need to follow it.
If anyone's got a pass to freak the out
right now. it ain't fucking you. mate!
-I can't breathe. You don't understand.
-No. you don't understand.
Have you got any idea
what Mahoney will do to Charlotte?
-Snap the fuck out of it!
-Alright. Curtis. fucking leave it.
Go on.
[He hyperventilates]
[Voice echoes]
-I can't breathe! I can't brea...
-ADA: You can breathe.
What you're feeling's an illusion.
Where are we gonna go?
-The. the churchyard.
-That's right.
-We need to move.
-We can't leave him like this.
Look at me. Come on. mate.
You got your anchor.
ADA: Touch it.
Hold it in your hand really tight.
Jesus fucking Christ!
Listen. he's not gonna respond
if you treat him like that.
He needs to man the fuck up.
wrap his head around what he's done.
We're gonna have a massive fucking problem
if you don't leave him alone.
You wouldn't say that about
a soldier with PTSD. would you?
-What the fuck is wrong with you?
-Nothing.
She shot me.
Well that fucking tracks.
Hey. haven't we got
that fence guy to call?
Oh. my God. We've got eight minutes
to phone Finlay.
I've got a mate on the estate.
He's only a couple of minutes drive away.
We need to go. Now.
[People shout.
glass smashes in the distance]
[Sirens blare]
[Action music]
-[Music fades]
-[He hyperventilates]
-Nana! Nana!
-What's the matter?
Another nightmare?
Caden. look at Nana.
What did I say?
-Come on. poppet.
-I don't need to be scared.
That's a good boy.
Now. Mr Tiny's gonna look after you.
[She growls]
[She laughs]
And if you need me. you know
Mr Jenson's just outside the door.
Just yell. Nana will come running.
Now. go back to sleep.
Sweet dreams.
[Classical music plays]
Thank you. Mr Jenson.
REPORTER: An area of East London infamous
for a high level of gang activity
is descending into a war zone.
Armed response police officers
are flooding the area.
but don't seem to be able
to bring the situation under control.
And it's being reported that
armed officers and gang members
are exchanging gunfire.
[People moan. electricity crackles]
[Electricity stops]
[They pant]
-What happened to her?
-Scared to death. Mrs Vine.
Literally.
I didn't even electrocute her.
[Classical music continues in background]
Gentlemen. my sincere apologies
for the interruption.
Now. help me understand.
You are attempting to convince me
that three thieves caught you
completely unawares
on the very day I coincidentally had over
£2 million worth of jewels in my safe.
They were smart enough
to blow the cabinets
because they knew by doing so.
the police would be alerted
and I would have to spend hours
dealing with the law
before focusing my full attention
on capturing those
audacious enough to steal from me.
Is that an adequate summary?
[They moan in agreement]
Mrs Vine.
Please. I swear on my life.
I don't know who did this to you.
or what...
[They grunt in fear]
I want to emphasise the need for honesty.
I trust the point is made.
[They grunt in agreement]
[Classical music continues playing]
I swear I had nothing to do with this.
If anyone's involved. it's Brady.
Brady seems to disagree.
Please. if I knew anything.
I would tell you.
Please. No. please. Please! Please!
[Electricity crackles loudly. he yelps]
[He cranks up the dial.
electricity crackles louder]
[Classical music swells...]
[And ebbs]
[Electricity fades out]
I sincerely hope his theory was correct.
I'm sorry. I was in the military
with Roman Cutter.
He's the one who hit your store.
I was desperate.
I knew nothing about the 2 million
in diamonds. Neither did Cutter.
But if you let me go. I will bring him
to you on a fucking plate.
Send someone to see Finlay the Fence.
Of course. ma'am. But
if Roman Cutter's working independently.
I mean. you really think
he'd try and fence your jewels locally?
I don't want to think. Lennie.
I want to know.
It's a very short list of fences
with a bandwidth for such a transaction.
-Finlay is at the top.
-Yes. ma'am.
Brady. my darling.
why don't you start by enlightening me
as to who exactly Roman is?
Cutter was a part of
a Special Ops International unit.
Elite force. He's involved
with off-the-book shit these days.
-You have a way of contacting him?
-No. he's gone dark.
He said he would reach out to let me know
where I can collect my cut in a few days
but look. I can track him down
for you. ma'am. I can kill him for you.
You're clearly not a match
to the man you described.
No. I can track him down.
No. wait. no!
[He grunts; music swells and ebbs]
Find Mr Cutter.
I want him sat trembling in front of me...
before sunrise.
-Yes. ma'am.
-[Classical music concludes]
An altercation between the Mushka
street gang and the Metropolitan Police
has descended into a riot
which is spreading across East London.
The riot is believed to have been started
within the past hour
when gunfire was exchanged
between armed officers
-and the Mushka gang.
-[Helicopter approaches]
The police are mobilising
emergency reinforcements.
but local residents
are being advised to remain indoors...
Fucking hell!
...till the situation
has been brought under control.
[Helicopter moves away]
We're hoping to bring our news helicopter
in close enough to verify reports.
That fucking thing
nearly landed in my living room.
...street gang members
-and the Metropolitan Police.
-[Loud knocking]
Tensions in the City of London...
Shit! Shit...
Nicky?
Oh. thank God. Curtis!
-The fuck. man?
-Still got that landline phone?
Yeah. Nice to see you too. bruv.
Been a while.
Sorry. who are these... Hello!
-No. No.
-All right. Not my type anyway.
I just need a solid tonight.
GALLOWAY: Have you been caught out
in this madness.
Wars with the police.
gangs. cars. fire. guns.
Fucking Parisian. bruv.
-Really need that landline.
-I wish you'd have called.
You gave me a right shock.
I thought it was my giant cunt neighbour
from downstairs.
Sorry. mate. I've only got the burner
on me. Didn't have your number saved.
Well. why didn't you call this geezer
on your burner. then?
He only accepts landline calls.
What kind of mediaeval fucker
only accepts landline calls?
Please. no. Curtis.
Don't tell me he's dodgy.
Trust me. He's cool.
Just chill. Let us do our...
Roman Cutter.
I have a window I'd like to redeem.
Sorry. Finlay.
we had a little bump in the road.
We're on in 30 minutes.
That doesn't give me enough time
to get to Cia's club.
-We can't dictate the timing to Finlay.
-Sorry. what is all this?
I will handle Finlay.
and you go to Cia.
No fucking way. I have to be there.
-Roman. we have a problem.
-Ada. I will handle it. Trust me.
Please. someone explain to me
what the fuck is happening here.
-Roman.
-What is it?
The detonator is in the car boot
cunty bollocks over here blew up
along with the parking geezer.
-You blew up a parking geezer?
-Yes. I fucking did.
-[They all shout]
-Edward. for fuck's sake!
GALLOWAY: Jesus Christ!
My man's waving a hand cannon in my...
I got neighbours. man.
-There's a WhatsApp group and...
-Hey. hey. Fuck you.
Hey. hey. hey. hey. hey.
-What the fuck are you doing?
-Is that my gun?
You said I could trust you.
Calm the fuck down.
-Give me the gun.
-He's being a bollock.
-You're being a fucking bollock.
-You're being a bollock.
Don't touch my gun.
-Can you pull a rabbit out of your arse?
-Detonator?
We've got enough C-4 left over
from the heist.
-But we've lost the detonator.
-Maybe.
I have to make a couple of calls.
It'll cost.
What about getting it delivered?
-No. no. stop.
-Is this custom?
-Also...
-You want me to babysit?
Well. taking him anywhere
without me right now...
-Bad idea.
-Yeah. and I can't take him to Cia's.
-I'll see if I can get it dropped off.
-Drop what off?
A pizza? Oh. no.
Let me go out on a limb and guess
it's something a little bit naughtier.
-Wait. I just need you to chill.
-Chill?
-GALLOWAY: You're fucking outrageous.
-This is never gonna work.
Man was chilling.
Man was watching
Apocalypse London on the telly.
I need to hold here for a couple of hours.
It's no big deal.
-Just you. though. right?
-Well. me and...
-You and Looney Tunes?
-ADA: Oi!
I have a very serious
personality disorder
that's brought on
by stressful situations. okay?
Oh. well. tickle me reassured. then.
'Cause there's nothing fucking stressful
about this situation. is there?
No. bollocks to this.
You lot can all piss off
out of my yard right fucking now.
Five grand. there.
Tea. coffee?
[Snaps fingers]
Don't leave that lying about. bruv.
Yeah. I'll tidy it up
before my fucking maid gets here.
It's just like you said.
If Mrs Vine believes Mahoney
took her jewels.
she'll start a war with Mahoney.
and we're home free.
And you're the only one who could
convince Cia that's what happened.
-I can't take a weapon in to Cia.
-Give it here.
I'll meet Finlay
and get the jewels turned into cash.
Trust me.
-Edward?
-I won't do anything.
-All right?
-Be a good lad.
He's being a fucking idiot. though.
Why is she hugging him
like they're never gonna see each other?
Just shut up for a second.
will you. mate?
I'll just shut up for a second. shall I?
Only my house.
Rude!
-98.
90 fucking 8.
[Door shuts; electronic music plays]
Right. so which one of you bell ends
is gonna explain to me
what the fuck is going on here?
POLICEMAN [On megaphone]:
Attention...
[People shout]
[Action music]
Roman.
-If I don't see you again...
-What are you talking about?
See you in 90 minutes.
POLICEMAN: You are instructed
to leave the area immediately.
Failure to comply may result in arrest.
This is the police.
You are present at an unlawful assembly.
Please go home. This is
the Metropolitan Police Department.
You are ordered
to leave the area immediately.
[Music fades]
MAN: I don't give a fuck
how old you are.
You're getting a crunch on the nose.
you carry on chatting shit to me.
[Man whistles]
Oi. Hey!
What's a nice girl like you
doing out on her own?
MAN 2: You're lost.
Let me walk you home.
-[They laugh]
-I don't have fucking time for this.
Hey. where are you going?
Come. come. come. Oi!
Darlin'!
Oh dear. oh dear. oh dear.
-Slow down. babe.
-Wasn't very bright coming down here.
was it?
[They laugh]
Babe. where are you going?
Show us your tits. love.
Alright. you've picked the wrong tits.
lads. First and last warning.
-MAN: Ooh!
-[They laugh]
She sounds like she likes it rough.
You've got no fucking idea.
You got spirit and a filthy mouth. eh?
Maybe I should teach you
to be a real lady.
-I mean. I do like to learn new things.
-Oh. yeah?
I did warn you.
Yeah?
[He yelps]
[They yell and grunt]
[He yells in pain]
[She pants. the other yell in pain]
Fucking bell ends.
[They groan]
[Music ebbs]
I got your text.
What the fuck is going on?
Take a seat.
No. I won't take a seat. Rouben.
What the fuck are you playing at. Edward?
I'm not... just fucking piss off. Curtis.
I'm trying to regale my story here
and you weren't there. all right?
Look. we got Galloway
into this madness.
The least we can fucking do
is tell him what's going on.
Yeah. Uncle Nut Nut here is right.
I do deserve to know what's going on.
I'm trying to make
an important phone call.
Fucking hell!
Who pissed in his salad?
I'm just a delivery driver.
I don't know anything.
I don't see anything.
I keep my head down. That is the job.
You think this crap
is going to get you out of this?
You were the one that said that no one
would find out if we took a little taste.
Well. somebody found out.
[Sighs]
Rouben. who the fuck
have we been working for?
Frasier Mahoney.
Frasier fucking Mahoney!
Are you having a giraffe. bruv?
-How are you even a blip on his radar?
-I didn't fucking know.
What kind of a bell end delivers shit
for people they don't know.
then steals off them?
Fuck you. you don't get to judge me
on your shit pleather sofa.
Right. that's enough about
fucking sofas. Chill the fuck out!
Fuck's sake.
Fine. we'll just pay Mahoney back
the money with a little bit of interest.
It's fine.
-I'm afraid we can't do that.
-Why the fuck not?
It's gone.
I mean. it was only a few grand. man.
We'll do a couple of jobs. It'll be fine.
How much money do you owe. Rouben?
[He hyperventilates]
You know those anxiety attacks that
I used to get when I was a kid. Rouben?
Well. I feel like
you're fucking triggering one.
So you need to tell me
how much money you owe.
400.000 plus interest.
[Ed giggles nervously]
That's the fucking number. right there.
You've fucked us.
[As Rouben]: I'm sorry. Eddie.
I did not know that this would happen.
But I didn't even fucking take
that much money!
Not even fucking close. you did!
[As Rouben]: Yes. but they know
that you steal.
-How they know I steal?
-Eddie?
[He whistles]
-Eddie. mate.
-What. mate?
-Can't you see I'm mid flow here?
-No. I can see that. mate.
I think you might need professional help.
-What?
-Your brain is broken.
Frasier Mahoney would like to have
a conversation with you gentlemen.
-You fucking set me up.
-I just promise we both be here.
Fuck this.
Fuck this. Get the fuck off me!
Get the fuck off me! Get the fuck off me!
I didn't do anything wrong!
[He yells]
[She sobs]
It's not my fault!
I didn't fucking do anything!
No. no! Detonators?
Blown-up traffic wardens?
Frasier fucking Mahoney?
Yeah. and Charlotte had
nothing to do with it!
Who the fucking fuck
is Charlotte right now?
-Curtis. what the fuck. bruv?
-You're an absolute lifesaver.
Cheers. yeah. I'll be waiting.
Ta. mate. yeah.
All right?
What's the matter. bruv?
[He gasps]
[Electronic action music plays]
Jesus. Ada. you can't...
[He chokes]
[Lift dings]
I'm in a rush. guys.
You jumping in or not?
-[He yelps]
-We'll get the next one.
LIFT VOICE: Mind the doors. please.
[Woman screams]
Oi! Leave her alone.
Get off her. assholes.
-Who's this? Come swinging. man.
-What is it with you fucking Mushkas?
[They grunt]
Get up! Fuck off!
Forgot your hat!
[Lift dings]
You know I can't let you in. Ada.
And you know there aren't
enough of you to stop me.
Come on...
You sure?
Where's Jody?
Hmm? Jody?
Come here.
Ada. what the fuck are you doing?
I'm here to see Cia.
There isn't a chance
that you're getting in.
-[Scoffs]: Are you serious?
-Take my money and I'll go in easy.
Refuse it. I'm gonna go in pretty hard.
-Give me two minutes.
-You've got one.
You rob the second biggest gangster
in the city
to pay back the first biggest gangster
in the city.
You fucking wanker.
You're as mental as he is.
Now my... my sister.
she's always looked after me.
-Calm down. Do the anchor thing.
-I'm calm.
Where's your pebble. Eddie?
Pull your pebble out.
No. no. no. no. no.
No one's pulling out their pebble!
-It's a calming technique. dickhead.
-I don't give a fuck.
No one's pulling out their pebble
in my yard.
He's not actually...
Are you all right?
[Young Ed hyperventilates;
tense music plays]
I'm your rock.
I'm your big sister
and I will always protect you.
I love you.
She's not all that strong.
She... She fucking hurts like hell.
You're all right.
She... she...
She learned to fight in secret.
She did. She did.
She used to steal to pay for lessons.
Just so that
she could protect me from him.
[Ominous music]
[She breathes heavily]
She killed that bastard for me.
She fucking killed him.
This is how I fucking repay her?
By getting her fucking daughter kidnapped?
You fucking idiot. Eddie!
[He stamps loudly and shouts]
No. no. no. no. no. no. no.
Stop stamping on the floor!
If downstairs comes up. we're fucked.
They call him Nicky-Never-Lost-A-Fight.
And if Looney Tunes
don't stop stamping on my floor.
he'll be up here not losing another one.
-[He yells and stomps]
-GALLOWAY: Curtis!
Right. stop. You're taking the piss now.
Sorry. Ada.
So if that was an option.
why didn't you do that a half hour ago?
Shut up.
Hello. Hi.
-Um... here for Finlay.
-Who?
Okay.
[Intriguing electronic music plays]
[He clears his throat]
Sit down. Shut up.
[Music fades]
[Party music from inside]
Where is she. Tony?
You've got no idea how important this is.
You know how this works.
Because you made the fucking rules.
[He grunts]
Calm down.
Cia said she'll see you now.
-Good.
-[Lift dings]
[Tony groans]
[Electronic music intensifies]
[Man moans and laughs]
I got a taxi for Roman Cutter.
ROMAN: Hey. hey. hey. hey.
Hold on.
-Where's Finlay?
-I'm taking you to him.
What do you mean?
That's not how this works.
Get in or get out. Up to you.
[He scoffs]
[Bangs on door]
-Oh. now we fucked.
-MAN [Shouts]: Get out here. Galloway!
[Door bangs]
NICKY:
Open this fucking door!
Hey. Nicky. Oh. mate.
I'm really sorry about the noise.
It's just... It's my boy.
he gets carried away with Pro Evo.
Ah. fuck! Curtis?
-Ow.
-You guys want to fuck with me?
GALLOWAY: No.
[They grunt]
-Told you.
-Oh. fuck.
Oh. my days!
I'm going to fucking kill you!
Shut the fuck up. Curtis.
Just let the man finish.
Oh. that's fucked!
Curtis!
[They grunt]
Fucking hell.
NICKY: Get over here.
On your fucking knees.
Now!
[Phone dings]
OPERATOR [On phone]: The number you have
dialled has not been recognised.
Please check and try again.
Hey. Nicky.
I hope we can move past all this.
being neighbours and all.
Sorry. mate.
If you ever come back
anywhere near this place again.
the last thing you'll ever see
will be my raging eyes.
All right. I'm leaving.
CURTIS: Go on. fuck off.
Fucking hell.
[Electronic music resumes]
[People moan]
Don't you upset her.
-You understand me?
-I think so.
CIA [French accent]:
Rioting descends across East London
and Ada Williams comes to see me
for the first time
since quitting my employment.
[Chuckles]
What a night.
Looks like business is going well.
It really breaks my heart.
The only reason you're here is because
you must need something from me.
Oh no. I've got something for you.
Not what I'd like. no doubt.
Well. no. not that.
But trust me. you're gonna want this.
Trust... you?
[She laughs]
[Action music plays]
How much further to Finlay?
In a few hours.
you're gonna find out that
someone's robbed
one of Mrs Vine's stores.
-Old news. Ada.
-I know who did it.
What do you want for this?
I just want peace.
I want you to forgive me for quitting.
I've left the life
and I just don't want any burnt bridges
for me or for my daughter.
-That's it?
-That's it.
[Tense music plays]
Get out.
Finlay. what's with
all this cloak and dagger shit?
The Machiavellian nature of
our unique business
forces me into the inexorable position
of doing said business in a unique manner.
Hmm.
CIA: You say you want peace.
I say you need to be certain
that your information
gets to the right destination.
And there is no chance
on earth you'd be here
if I wasn't the best place in London
to buy and sell enlightenment.
If you want my guarantee. then...
Fucking handcuff yourself.
That's the price. Trust.
[Sighs]
Fine.
This doing it for you?
-Please. let me do the other one.
-Go for it.
Wow...
I've tamed the untameable.
[Laughs]
You must be...
Desperate.
One must be either asinine
or a criminal genius
to rob Mrs Christina Vine.
You still using
that word-of-the-day toilet paper?
I have a library card.
I'm sorry. did you say
someone robbed Mrs Vine?
Presumably nothing more than
a coincidence. then.
Hmm.
Just like this Mushka riot.
escalating out of control.
There's a lot going on in London tonight.
Maybe I could take you to the realms of...
pleasure...
-or pain...
-[Ada yelps]
that you couldn't even imagine.
Or...
You have friends right next door
that would actually kill
for an opportunity like this.
Imagine the kind of money
we could make.
FINLAY: 500.000.
These diamonds and what's in the pouch.
Satisfied with that amount
for these jewels?
Jewels are good.
When he gets out. end him.
Just gonna take my asking price?
Not gonna haggle or anything?
I must have bagged a few more jewels
than I expected.
-I'm a man of my word.
-You are a man of many words.
[Laughs]
Open the window. please.
FINLAY: Feel free to count it.
Fuck this.
I need you both out of here now.
-You know we can't leave.
-I ain't giving you a choice. bruv.
-This doesn't need to get out of hand.
-Out of hand?
Out of hand's a spec
in the rear view mirror.
This shit is next fucking dimensional.
Now. fuck off.
We come from fuck all. me and you.
No family. no help.
We've carved out an existence
for ourselves the best we can.
I know.
And I wish I could help you.
I really do. bruv. but...
But I ain't built for this.
I'm scared.
So I need you both to leave
my fucking house. right fucking...
[Gunshot]
[Gunshots]
-[Shots continue]
-Fucking hell!
Fuck!
-Who's fucking shooting at us. Curtis?
-CURTIS: Shut the fuck up.
Throw out the money and we let you live.
Shit.
[Rioting continues outside]
[Gunfire. Curtis grunts]
[Man groans]
[Music intensifies]
Shit! Fuck it.
[He yells]
Coming on then. you slags.
This deal is time sensitive. Cia.
You can really be a drag. Miss Williams.
How much pressure would it take to...
-[Ada chokes]
-shut off your gas? Hmm?
This much. or... this...
much?
You haven't taken air in...
15 seconds.
You must feel the euphoria. right?
[Ada grunts. Cia yelps]
-I do now. you twisted bitch.
-Oh. Ada. Ada. you haven't changed.
I want more.
[Ada grunts. Cia chokes]
Jody!
[Cia coughs]
Ahh the burn!
-JODY: Fuck's sake.
-ADA: Oh. call them off.
CIA: I still can't fathom why
you won't protect me any longer.
[She yelps]
[He chokes]
Let's watch this show.
[Action music plays]
[Henchman splutters]
Once again.
you leave me breathless.
Frasier Mahoney robbed Mrs Vine.
Wants to show how vulnerable she is.
Mahoney thinks the move
will give him the neutral street support.
because he wants a war.
[Electronic music resumes]
Fucking love that bitch.
Fucking hate that bitch.
-CURTIS: Come here!
-[Shots fire]
-NICKY: Fuck you.
-CURTIS: Fucking die!
[Shots fire. they grunt]
[Ominous music plays]
ED: Curtis?
The fuck is happening?
[Curtis splutters]
CURTIS: Get a lighter.
ED: 98. yeah?
Fucking hell. man.
Is that Nicky guy dead?
-[Curtis grunts]
-Fuck.
Jesus Christ. Curtis. Curtis!
Tell me what to do. mate.
You need to check for an exit
and cauterise the wound.
-Okay.
-Open it. All of it.
Fuck. Yeah. Yeah.
Oh. shit. Shit. Fuck!
-[Curtis coughs]
-I'm sorry. mate. I'm sorry.
Oh. there's no fucking exit wound. Curtis.
Tell me what I do.
Gotta get the bullet out.
-Get me a mirror. Gimme a mirror!
-No. mate. I'll do it.
I'll do it. Curtis!
Please. mate. Look at me.
Look at me. Trust me. I've got this.
Don't fuck it up.
[Curtis splutters]
Now. this is going to hurt a little bit.
all right?
[Curtis screams]
[He yelps]
Do you need to wait
till you feel the metal?
Sorry. mate. Oh. I got it.
I got it. mate. You're gonna be all right.
Well done. Ed.
Maybe you're not
such a dickhead after all.
[Laughs]
Curtis?
Curtis? Curtis. wake up. man.
Curtis. mate. wake up!
Oh. fuck. Curtis. please.
[Emotional music plays]
[Ed yelps and hyperventilates]
Fuck.
[Emotional music continues]
[Music fades]
[She breathes heavily]
Looks good to me.
The jewels. please.
How long did it take you
to learn sign language?
You see. I learned
with an old battle buddy of mine
when we were running ops in Helmand.
After that blast...
Well. he couldn't hear shit.
[He scoffs]
I think there's been a misunderstanding.
There's no misunderstanding.
[Electronic action music plays]
[Phone rings]
-Talk to me.
-MAN: You asked me to track Finlay.
He's currently in a car with this
Roman Cutter. What shall we do?
Fuck it.
-Do them all.
-Yes. ma'am.
Lennie. love.
We're going to Cia's nightclub.
-Wake the boys up.
-I'm all over it. ma'am.
[Music fades]
Trying to tell me
I don't look after my kids?
I look after my kids!
Bro. let me call you back.
Babes!
Holy fu... Let me call you back.
Let me call you back.
Yeah. you.
Come here. Come here.
[He laughs]
Damn!
Fancy the night of your dreams. babes?
-Is this your car?
-You like it. yeah?
-Yeah. I really like it.
-So what are you trying to do?
I was thinking maybe I'll take the car
and we'll call it it quits.
Take the car where?
[Upbeat music plays; car revs]
[Brakes squeal]
[Music ends]
[Guns cock]
[Tense music plays]
You were gonna kill me
and you were gonna sell these jewels
back to Miss Vine's
for a little bit of a discounted price.
Does that sound about right?
-Ambush!
-Drive!
[Gunfire. glass shatters]
FINLAY: Fuck. fuck. fuck!
[Gunfire]
What the...
What are we gonna do. Roman?
A minute ago. you were trying to kill me.
Now we're a fucking team?
[Action music plays]
Shit!
I'm out.
Give me your gun.
I don't have one.
What kind of gangster doesn't have a gun?
My driver has one...
on the passenger seat.
[Gunfire continues]
Not bad.
Get to the taxi.
-Move!
-[Yelps]: Oh fuck! Fuck. fuck!
-Keep your head down.
-What are you gonna do?
Explosion in three. two...
[Music fades out]
[Tanker hisses]
-Not a fucking word.
-[Action music resumes]
Come on out
and we can make a deal.
Ro... Roman. we can make a deal!
-You make a deal. then.
-No. fu...! Oh. shit!
Put it in neutral. Neutral!
[Grunts]
Fuck!
FINLAY: What are you doing!?
Don't go fucking towards them...
Oh. fucking hell!
Fuck!
Are you fucking crazy?!
FINLAY: Ro... Roman? Roman!
Fuck it.
-[Gunfire]
-Oh fuckers!
[They grunt]
-[Gun clicks empty]
-No!
[Tense music plays]
-[Nail gun shoots]
-[Gangster 1 yells]
Ah! Fuck!
GANGSTER 1: Fuck!
[They grunt]
[Exclaims in pain]
Come on.
[They grunt. Roman chokes]
[Squelches]
[Music softens]
[He coughs]
[Sighs relieved]
[Tense music plays]
[She gasps]
-Who the fuck are you?
-I don't want no trouble. fam.
I was just told I had to give a detonator
to a man named Curtis. that's it.
All right.
Drop it and leave.
[Under her breath]: Jesus Christ.
Fuck's sake...
[Emotional music plays]
Oh. no. no. no. No. Curtis!
[Cries]: Oh!
I'm so fucking sorry.
[Kisses]
Edward?
Edward?!
In here.
Oh. thank God. Are you hurt?
-What the hell happened?
-I am so sorry.
No. we're gonna get Charlotte.
We're nearly through this.
All I have ever been to you.
Ada. is... is a burden.
-That's not true.
-Oh. we both know that it is.
I mean. even when we were kids.
all you did was protect me.
You looked out for me and you loved me.
All I've ever done is...
is throw that love back in your face.
That is absolute bollocks.
Never. ever say that again.
Thank you.
Thank you so much for everything
you've ever done for me.
You don't need to thank me. you arse.
I'm your big sister. It's my job.
Look...
-I promise I'm gonna make it up to you.
-There's nothing to make up for.
-I love you so much.
I'm so glad you're all right.
[They sniffle]
[Gun cocks]
No!
[Sound muffles; she gasps]
[She gasps and pants]
[High-pitched tone swells and intensifies]
[Gun clicks empty]
[High-pitched ringing]
[Sound resumes; she cries]
[They gasp]
[She sobs]
[Electronic action music resumes softly]
ROMAN: You remember when we met?
First day at the joint force exercise.
Our instructor was the best of the best.
And he used to say:
"The body... the body consumes calories"
to be able to keep burning at 98 degrees".
Yeah. that's right.
You keep yourself and the men and women
that stand beside you.
-you keep them burning at ninety...
-...eight degrees.
Yeah.
He called you Wildcat.
You remember that?
'Cause you never give up. Ada.
No. Matter. What.
But Edward!
Edward is gone.
[She breathes heavily]
But Charlotte's still 98.
[Music intensifies]
Let's go get her back.
That's right.
[Tense music plays]
What an unexpected surprise.
You reached out to my people.
asked to talk urgently.
After years of doing business...
it's the first time
we're face to face.
I hear you have some food for me.
Caviar has a price.
It's met.
Frasier Mahoney was behind the heat
on your jewellery store.
He wants to make you look...
Weak.
Thinks that it would win him
the neutral support in the street
if war were to break out.
If I tip the server. can I meet the chef?
I can't divulge on how or where
I obtain my ingredients.
-What I can do is serve you the meal.
-I never much liked caviar.
Too salty.
My restaurant will still require payment.
otherwise...
Our kitchen will remain closed
to you in the future.
[Chuckles]
You've walked a remarkable tightrope.
Building an operation
such as this in my city.
Not just a pretty head
on those shoulders.
You really flatter me. Mrs Vine.
Lennie. love.
Settle the bill.
Ma'am.
[Tense music plays]
Hello. sweetheart.
[Car revs. brakes squeal]
[Sombre music plays]
You know. I've never been
very good at real talk.
You're still afraid of a normal life
without all the noise?
[He sighs]
Nothing scares me more than
losing you again. Ada.
We're gonna get Charlotte back.
I promise.
Roman. I have to tell you something.
Is it Charlotte?
She's ours. isn't she?
[He laughs]
[Music becomes more emotional]
I had a feeling.
I love you. Ada.
[Music fades]
[Sighs]
[Tense music plays]
-Is my daughter here?
-Take a seat.
[Music fades]
Where's Charlotte?
Characters...
Running a riot up and down my city.
We're on the news all over the world.
Enterprising little wannabe gangsters
thinking it's their time to shine.
Wild times in which we live. eh?
Do you know that my wife
passed away last year?
My sincerest condolences.
She was a remarkable woman.
She really was.
Kind of woman to make an impression.
you know?
Christ alive.
she was a bona fide head turner.
[He chuckles]
Not just because she was beautiful.
Fellas looking at her and all that. No.
Didn't matter what she looked like.
-She had this energy.
-She sounds like an extraordinary woman.
I'll let you in to a little secret.
I wouldn't be the man I am today
if it weren't for her.
What's that saying?
[Mouths]: Fuck's sake...
You know. behind every great man is a...
there's a wonderful woman.
I believe it's true.
I'm a feminist. you see.
And I know if a woman wants to get
to the same place as a man in this world.
then she's got to work twice as hard.
Can you pass the marmalade?
Hmm?
I want to see my daughter.
People used to say things.
on the quiet. people would say.
Martine – that was her name.
Martine. my wife –
Martine...
pulls the puppet strings.
I've got what you want.
The money my brother owes.
-Is Charlotte here?
-Yeah. yeah. we'll come to that.
No. no. no. no. no. We're there now.
I didn't mind people talking. That's fine.
The problem wasn't geezers chatting.
The problem was...
My wife started to believe
all the shit they were saying.
Now. the power went to her head.
Fucking woman stopped listening
to what I was saying.
She even undermined me
on more than one occasion.
Couldn't fucking believe her.
Look. if you want the money.
bring me my daughter right now.
I killed Martine with me bare hands.
[Music intensifies]
Wrung her neck like a fucking chicken.
That taught her a lesson.
No woman should ever
get above her station.
Not in my presence.
I've got half a million cash
that I would like to give you
in exchange for my daughter.
Do you know the most valuable thing
in the world?
-[Table bangs loudly]
-Do we have a deal?
Information.
Take you. for example.
I never knew you existed...
till a few days ago.
And now here we are. cozying up together
over breakfast and a cup of coffee.
You're a dangerous female.
It's information I wish I'd known
a long time before now.
If you think I'm gonna make
some kind of vendetta after this.
you're wrong.
My only agenda is Charlotte.
And your blood?
No baby brother here to witness
whatever tune I might play?
My brother's dead.
Hmm.
Well. you've had a stressful time.
Your limit's been pushed. that's for sure.
Mr Mahoney. is Charlotte here?
Yes. she is.
Can I see her?
Allow me...
to throw you a piece of information.
If you've harmed my child in any way.
I will rip out your liver
and I will fucking eat it!
Relax!
It's a gift.
Open the box.
[Breathes shakily]
[Music intensifies]
[Ada gasps]
Cia...
Of course. re-gifting is hardly polite.
But on this occasion.
I made an exception.
Thought Ada might enjoy
the surprise as much as you.
[She sighs]
[Chuckles]
You're a true sweetheart.
Do you want to invite Roman Cutter
to join us?
I assume he's somehow listening.
Motherfuckers!
I hope your colleague also has my jewels.
Finlay certainly doesn't.
Best laid plans. Ada.
[Smashes in. Roman grunts]
Hello. Hi.
Excuse me. coming through.
If any of you poor bastards are just here
for your cup of tea
and your beans on toast.
well. now's your chance to fuck off.
No one. Really? Well. I'm not surprised.
You've been warned.
[Grunts]
Thought it might be a good time
to enlighten you. Mr Mahoney and Mrs Vine.
Part of our plan went quite well...
Well. actually. amazingly well.
You wouldn't believe it.
We brought your 500 grand. and...
this.
What's in the briefcase?
Be my guest.
Have a good look.
Open it or I click me fingers
and your baby girl loses three toes.
[Guns cock at once]
ADA: All right!
Yeah. we don't want some stupid cunt
setting off the stuff that's in here.
No. we don't.
[Music intensifies]
-Is that a bomb?
-No. that's a rectal thermometer.
ROMAN: It is a bomb.
But I wouldn't be so much worried
about this as I would be...
The detonator.
It's a dead woman switch.
Once I put my thumb
on the trigger like that...
[Detonator clicks and beeps]
If I let go. great big boom.
The thing is.
it does take...
a very special kind of hate
to kill a family member.
Doesn't it. Mr Mahoney?
I didn't enjoy killing my father.
But it had to be done.
Because. and you'll understand this
as a feminist.
you can't let a man get too far
above his station.
Especially in my fucking presence.
Why don't we all just calm down
and lower the guns?
Probably a good idea. because my thumbs
do get quite sweaty around guns.
-Bring the girl.
-ROMAN: Thank you.
Easy.
Hi!
Mummy.
So... You just walk out of here
and then what?
We get to a safe distance.
I disarm the bomb.
everyone walks away alive.
[He scoffs]
Have I got "cunt" written on my forehead?
I think the term
"Live to fight another day"
has never been more apt.
Let her go.
[They whimper]
[Mahoney sighs]
But understand this.
If anything happens to me.
the wrath of my people
will come down on you.
Well. we'll be leaving now.
Oh. and if anybody decides to fuck about
with the case or have us followed.
they'll be peeling your arseholes
off the ceiling
for the next three weeks.
Enjoy your breakfast!
You understand. of course. I'll be taking
that money in exchange for my jewels.
Yeah. fuck it. it wasn't me
who ripped you off.
The fuck do you think you're doing?
[Guns cock at once]
Take your gun off Mr Mahoney.
right fucking now.
Am I in Mexico?
Feels like a fucking standoff.
[Action music plays]
[Ada laughs]
ADA: Oh fuck...
No. no. no. no.
[The Mushkas chatter and shout]
-Hey. what are you saying. fam?
-Are you kidding me?
Remember me?
You one of Mahoney's or Vine's?
I know they're both in there.
The feds are done out here.
The Mushkas are running the streets now.
-Hey. dick splash. Look at this.
-Fucking shoot her!
[Shots fire inside]
Fuck is that?
We have left
a fucking massive bomb in there
with enough explosives
to take out the whole postcode.
-Fucking drop it. then.
-If I fucking drop it. then we all die.
-You're chatting shit.
-You wanna gamble?
VINE: Looking for me. boys?
[Gunfire. Mushkas shout]
-[Nearby gunshot]
-[They grunt]
Keep your head down. kid.
-What you think?
-I don't think we have a choice.
[She yells]
Come here. cover her.
[Detonator beeps]
[Massive bang.
glass shatters. rubble falls]
[Soft. ethereal music plays]
[Fires crackle]
[Roman coughs]
[He gasps]
Are you okay?
I can't wake Mummy up.
I just want to check you're not bleeding.
I'm okay.
but Mummy...
[She coughs]
Ada!
[He grunts]
Ada.
-[Coughing]: Are you OK?
-ROMAN: She's okay. Come on.
ADA: Ah. she's bleeding!
[They pant]
[He chuckles]
I took these.
This is to make sure that you can give
Charlotte the life that she deserves.
Well. we can.
[Sirens blare in distance]
[Laughs]
Yeah.
Maybe we should get the fuck out of here.
Yeah. that's a good idea.
I think that that's smart.
[Roxette's "Hotblooded" plays.
an upbeat rock song]
♪ You know I'm...
♪ Hotblooded. baby!
♪ I get on up and kick it.
all the systems are ready to go
♪ Well. are you ready or not?
Hey. I gotta know...
[Song Continues]
Support us and become VIP member
to remove all ads from www.OpenSubtitles.org